Administrative Support
Data Entry
Personal / Virtual Assistant
Project Management
Transcription
Web Research

UCFA Academy of higher education
Business partners wanting start their own private academy to train future employees with multi level degrees, certification and license. We need research on the process of forming a accredited academy in the state of TN. We need all information and step by step direction on each step in the process.
This job was posted from a mobile device, so please pardon any typos or any missing details.

Simple task - requires Amazon Prime account - US only
Needs to hire 25 Freelancers
Simple 10 minute task requiring an active Amazon Prime account with at least 5 orders - US only - must live in US and be able to speak and write English - must be ok with texting on phone (you WILL be hired via Upwork and payment WILL be made via Upwork. Chatting will just be done via texting). Candidates with iPhone preferred as iMessage makes it easier.
 
Looking for 15-25 candidates - $5 for 10 minutes of time. Please provide a good number to text in cover letter and verify that you DO have Amazon Prime. If you accept job you will be hired and paid via Upwork.
 
This job was posted from a mobile device, so please pardon any typos or any missing details.

Virtual Assistant Needed for Admin, Writing, and Proofreading Support
Needs to hire 2 Freelancers
Hello! Thank you for applying for my position. I am looking for a dependable and RELIABLE virtual assistant to help me and my business with a number of admin tasks, and also help with writing articles and content as well as proofreading.
 
You MUST have an EXCELLENT command of the English language. If you send me a cover letter and application riddled with grammatical and spelling errors, I won't even read it. You WILL be declined. 
 
This is a GREAT job for someone who is looking for LONG-TERM, CONSISTENT work, and who also enjoys languages, writing, and proofing. I have a lot of work of this nature for the right person!
