Writing
Academic Writing & Research
Article & Blog Writing
Copywriting
Creative Writing
Editing & Proofreading
Grant Writing
Resumes & Cover Letters
Technical Writing
Web Content

Big idea seeking Creative Writing Powerhouse -- let's make history!
I've enjoyed a crazy life journey. Along the way I've had success and failure and been fortunate to learn from some of the best. What I've learned is that there's more to life than the physical and that the same supernatural force that unleashed the universe exists inside each of us. Within that context, action is the antidote to fear, presence is the key to power and challenge sets you free to realize your life's purpose. 

I have a summary outline by chapter and then also a more comprehensive outline with narrative around many of the chapters, but alas, I am not a trained writer. I understand well the creative process as I've founded multiple creative endeavors. But I always work best with people who are much better than me in their 'powerhouse' areas. Is creative writing your powerhouse? I'd love to talk to you and see if we vibe. 

In this project I'm looking for a ghostwriter to take what I have bring order so that we both become crystal clear about the 'right' chapter outline and then take the narrative that's there, throw out the bad, keep the good and start getting 1st draft versions of the chapters (8 in total). I expect to drive a lot of the creative vision, yet with the right partner great ideas just flow and vision becomes a give and take. I'm not looking for perfection on this first draft, only fast flowing power narrative that jumps off the page. I expect to bring in an editor later for the final version, so editing your top skill does not have to be.

I want prose that's approachable so my elderly mom (no formal college, spiritual, wise) will like it but also mind bending enough that my girlfriend (a super-educated fiction writer herself) will be proud to be seen with me in her writing circles. 

I love to work with smart people on fun projects and make things happen. If that describes you, we should talk.
Skills and Expertise
Creative Writing Non-Fiction Writing

Blog Post Targeted Toward Dance Studio Owners.
This is the time of years dance studios start planning for summer and next fall. Summer tends to be the time they make the least money. Many close altogether. Can we do a blog on how dance studios can increase their summer income?
Article & Blog Writing Posted 48 minutes ago


Pharmacist to write plain-english guidelines
I am looking for a pharmacist (PharmD required) to take NIH guidelines and rewrite them into language that everyday patients can relate too.  So, think more Buzzfeed and less Medical Journal.  Max 250 words per article.

It's a small job to start, 4 articles, but may grow into more work as we expand.  Content will be used on a Website and attribution will be given to the author (you).

Lastly, we are only seeking PharmD grads for this project.  If you apply, please possess a PharmD.

Skills and Expertise
Communications Writing
