Customer Service
Customer Service
Technical Support

Clinic Onboarding & Account Manager
Needs to hire 2 Freelancers
Scratch is eager to hire a Clinic Onboarding & Account Manager to join our team and help revolutionize the way pet owners pay for veterinary care! Scratch partners with veterinarian clinics, and offers payment plans to the clinic's customers (so more pet owners can afford the care their pets need).  
In this role, you will ensure that our new clinics fully realize the benefits of Scratch’s simple and friendly payment plans. This will involve reaching out to new clinics over the phone, providing training either over the phone or via webinars, following up with new clinics via email, and working with our business development team to automate key aspects of the onboarding process. In some cases, you will provide ongoing support to our new clinics.
 
Scratch is a start-up company founded in 2016 and provides a dynamic and exciting workplace environment. It is important that our employees are able to adapt quickly to new responsibilities and changing requirements. The Clinic Onboarding & Account Manager will need to work effectively with both executives and individual contributors (both on-site and remote) within the company. This person will also need a friendly and engaging personality with the ability to quickly build rapport with clinics over the phone, email, or via webinar.
 
You will:
Help Scratch grow its network from approximately 600 active clinics to 5,000 active clinics within a couple of years.
Conduct on-line webinars to train new clinics on our platform.
Work extensively with Microsoft Office and Google Docs applications.
Drive initiatives to increase clinic engagement and productivity.
Assist in recruiting a growing team of clinic onboarding and clinic support specialists.
Build strong partnerships with other divisions of the company including sales and marketing, customer service, and senior management.
Conduct routine analysis and identify improvement opportunities within clinic onboarding and clinic support.
Assist in the development of all outbound clinic communication materials.
 
Desired Skills and Experience:
Love for pets / animals!
1-5 years in a customer-facing role.
Very strong oral and written communication skills.
English fluency.
Creative, team-focused, and an effective problem-solver.
Proficiency in Excel/Google Sheets.
Able to identify trends, develop solutions, and succinctly communicate key findings to Senior Management team.
Ability to work in fast-paced environment and meet deadlines without sacrificing quality.
 
Preferred industry experience: consumer finance
 
 
Additional Information
At Scratch, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 
 
About Scratch Financial (“Scratch”)
Scratch is a new financial technology company that makes getting help with an unexpected veterinary bill easier than ever before! While in the veterinarian office, a pet owner can visit Scratch’s website from his/her phone, fill out a simple application, and get approved for a payment plan for their veterinary bill within seconds.
 
We place a high degree of importance on team dynamics and have a transparent and open organization. We are a team of ambitious people who are passionate about our common goal and our respective areas of responsibility. We deliver fast, continuously iterate, and encourage rapid response to change.
 
Scratch is a financial technology startup, based in Los Angeles, California. You can learn more about Scratch at scratchpay.com

Weekend Customer Service Associate
Tech start-up looking for LOCAL Southern California support on the weekends.  This would be a home based position for someone looking to make a few extra bucks.  It is NOT a full-time position.  It’s simple, easy, and moves fast.  You’ll be working as support for our in office project manager while reaching out to customers.  The cool thing about this is you’re speaking with people that are not buying anything, they already have!  We just want information on their purchase, on behalf of our clients.  Super easy position and ZERO sales needed. No catch, no signups, the job is 99% done.   

We do ask that you have the following in order to be successful:
•	Strong and reliable internet connection
•	Local Southern California phone number
•	Simple excel knowledge/Sharing docs on Google drive
•	Pleasant phone demeanor
•	The ability to ask simple questions and treat our customers with kindness and professionalism

This is truly a simple job and is best suited for someone possibly retired or a student that needs a little extra cash.  We work a lot with skype to keep in touch with you.   
Currently the position is EVERY Saturday and Sunday for 5-6 hours.  Sometimes special projects as needed with more hours from time to time.

Phone Support for E-Commerce Business
In search of a tech-savvy, organized individual that loves speaking with people on the phone!  

This candidate possesses high level telephone etiquette  as well as patience for trouble shooting customers complaints or issues with our surveillance products.
