Design & Creative
Animation
Audio Production
Graphic Design
Illustration
Logo Design & Branding
Photography
Presentations
Video Production
Voice Talent

Graphic Design-Fashion 
Needs to hire 2 Freelancers
I am looking for someone to help create a handful of new items for our fitness clothing line. Attached is an example of the work we would need done. We will present you the ideas just need all the specs and actual design figured out. Looking for someone who is familiar with Adobe Illustrator and Rhino 3D
Only freelancers located in the U.S. may apply.
You should have experience with the following applications:Adobe Illustrator 
Project Type: Ongoing project
Ongoing project: Garment Designer
Final Output: Web, Print
Project Stage: Fully Specified

Page and Cover Designer for Teacher Resource Books
I am a product developer for a teacher resource company and I am looking for a page designer to design book covers and pages for a series of resource books for middle and high school English teachers. Pages will require some graphic design, but mostly text formatting and placement. All pages will be in black and white. Front and back covers will be in color and will require graphic design. Books are 50-70 pages (in word document and including blank pages).

As this will be a series, covers will have a similar design style and layout, and page design will be the same for all books.  Roughly 20 introductory pages will not change from book to book. For this reason, I will offer the following pricing for the series:

1st book: $400- this includes an initial design fee 
Subsequent books: $200

Page designer must work with InDesign and be willing to provide multiple design options for covers and pages. Designer must also be willing to progress through multiple rounds of proofing and making changes before completion of project. Previous experience designing textbook pages or other teacher materials is preferred. Illustration skills are a plus. 

If interested, please submit samples of previous work and resume or cover letter detailing prior page designing experience.

Need an amateur photographer to help with taking some photos
Hi! I am a CEO of a fashion marketplace startup, and one of our designers needs help taking pictures of her product. I need someone in Florida to go to her house and take pictures of her items.

