Sales & Marketing

Display Advertising
Email & Marketing Automation
Lead Generation
Market & Customer Research
Marketing Strategy
Public Relations
SEM - Search Engine Marketing
SEO - Search Engine Optimization
SMM - Social Media Marketing
Telemarketing & Telesales


WJones - Press Release
Who: William Jones, Founder of AfroFuturism Network
What: Speak on Social, Cultural and Political Analysis of Black Super Heroes
When: March 8, 2018 at 3:45 PM
Where: School Without Walls (2130 G St NW, Washington, DC 20037)
http://www.swwhs.org/
Why: Recent national awareness and conversation sparked by Marvel's Black Panther.
Quotes: I would like to thank School Without Walls for their continued support of the Afrofuturism Network.

Reference on William Jones and AfroFuturism Network:  http://afrofuturismnet.com/

Skills and Expertise
Press Release Writing


Facebook Insider Needed
Public Relations Posted 3 hours ago

Hart2020.org is currently attempting to utilize Facebook for Politics (Elections). When we set up our Facebook page, we were asked to submit official information such as FEC#, Candidate Name..etc.   We have yet to hear back from Facebook regarding the approval, and our page is not functional.

We're looking for an individual who'll get in contact with Facebook regarding the status of this page--and get it approved.

Need a write up about a new product - about 2 paragraphs - 2 versions
Public Relations Posted 5 hours ago
Hello,

I am looking for someone to write a few paragraphs about my new product. I have guidelines and a lot of examples of other articles that have been written about my product. Can you write 2 versions that are similar but not exact copies of each other? (basically say the same thing but reworded some)

Here is an example of the article style I need....




We’ve all experienced it: You’re working out and that damn key knotted on the drawstrings on your pants keeps getting lost…

Yup, it’s annoying and distracting. Even though pockets are great, they’re not so great when you’re engaging in athletic activities. But now you can eliminate that problem with the new Kickstarter campaign, PocketBands, a wristband with a hidden pocket.

The bands are great for when you’re running, surfing, biking, skating, swimming and other sports or activities you do where you don’t want to hold things in your pockets; simply stash away a key or some cash in the hidden compartment that each band features. But besides being functional, they’re also comfortable and pretty stylish, available in a variety of colors and patterns. They’re made using a stretchy, surgical-grade silicone, which makes them durable, water-proof, and pretty comfy to wear. You can get them in four different sizes (small to extra large) and in a bundle of 3 if you pledge $20 toward the campaign.
Skills and Expertise
Content Writing
